## Introduction

### Wikidata

[Wikidata](https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Wikidata:Main_Page) is an open, freely editable, knowledge graph database within the Semantic web that stores knowledge across a multitude of domains,
such as arts, history, chemistry and biology, using an item-property-value linked data model. It is easy to use and edit, by both humans and machines, with a rich web user interface and wrapper packages available
in common programming languages such as R and Python. All the data within Wikidata is linked and inherently public domain, thus, it presents a great opportunity to make scientific data more FAIR (Findable, accessible, interoperable and reusable), as well as provides the necessary tools to curate and develop ontologies. Several advances towards biological data integration and biological data analysis in Wikidata have been made before, showing positive
results [@doi:10.1101/031971] [@doi:10.7554/eLife.52614]. However, as of August 2020, cell type information is still very scarse, with only 264 items being categorized as instances of cell types (Q189118), of those, almost none have a "Cell Ontology ID"[@pmid:27377652], and most have a varying amount of statements (Table @tbl:cell-counts).

| Cell type Item | Number of statements |
|:-------------:|:---------------:|
| red blood cell (Q37187) | 48 |
| myocyte (Q428914) | 18 |
| mesenchymal cell (Q66568500) | 2 |
Table: As of August 2020, Wikidata items regarding cell types have a varying amount of information, with most having very few statements.
{#tbl:cell-counts}


### PanglaoDB

[PanglaoDB](https://panglaodb.se/index.html) [@doi:10.1093/database/baz046] is a public database that contains data and metadata on hundreds of single-cell RNA sequencing experiments, providing extensive information on cell types, genes and tissues, as well as manually and community curated cell type markers (Table @tbl:panglao). It also provides a rich web user interface for easy data acquisition, including database dumps for bulk downloads.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Intellegi quidem, ut propter aliam quampiam rem, verbi gratia propter voluptatem, nos amemus; Nec tamen ille erat sapiens quis enim hoc aut quando aut ubi aut unde? Duo Reges: constructio interrete. Non pugnem cum homine, cur tantum habeat in natura boni; Gloriosa ostentatio in constituendo summo bono. Me igitur ipsum ames oportet, non mea, si veri amici futuri sumus. Cur ipse Pythagoras et Aegyptum lustravit et Persarum magos adiit? Quae animi affectio suum cuique tribuens atque hanc, quam dico. Quis est autem dignus nomine hominis, qui unum diem totum velit esse in genere isto voluptatis? Qui si ea, quae dicit, ita sentiret, ut verba significant, quid inter eum et vel Pyrrhonem vel Aristonem interesset?

|	|Mus musculus 	| Homo sapiens|
|:--:|:-------------:|:---------------:|
|Samples |	1063 | 305 |
|Tissues |	184  |74 |
|Cells 	| 4,459,768 | 1,126,580 |
|Cell Clusters| 8,651 | 1,748 |
Table: Database statistics for PanglaoDB, as of 31st August 2020.
{#tbl:panglao}


